welcome to Game of Thrones season 3 now
season 200 where the White Walkers we're
leaving in the army of ice zombies to
attack the Nights Watch suspect Sam is
fighting one of them up but he's saved
by the survivors and they're like 7 if
you send the Ravens of course I'm gonna
not send the Ravens you had one job so
they go crawling back to Craster's keep
no Craster's the guy who has all the
daughters that are also his wives and
Sam's girlfriend Ginny and some giving
birth now Craster one day is eating so
they like kill him and take all his food
and they're like no this is not how
Knights watch men act oh I'm dead yeah
the Night Watch mutinies so Sam like
bails he grabs do things like her we got
to get out here so they were running
through the snow Jon Snow is elsewhere
in the north undercover with the
wildling camp they have giants by the
way in their army so that's weird now he
meets king-beyond-the-wall mance rayder
not that guy this guy he's like you want
to join us that's cool I'm gonna send
you guys to climb the wall attack the
Nights Watch from the other side this
guy's with them he's a warg which means
he can go into animals bodies which
sounds like his younger half-brother
bran Stark who's been having wolf dreams
since season one
now bran also has dreams about a
three-eyed Raven and one day this kid
shows up in his dream and in real life
he's there too and he's got a sister now
they're like friends of the family and
he has dreamed ray sees the future so
he's gonna teach bran how to use his
powers cool now
Robb Stark king of the north he makes it
down to Harrenhal and he gets some bad
news that his grandpa is dead cats dad
so they go over to Riverrun for the
funeral and he meets his uncle Edmure
Tully's the new Lord and he sucks at
life and this is cat's uncle the
blackfish and he's really good at life
and he's like hits it in one shot anyway
dragon time look how big they're getting
pretty awesome so Khaleesi is running
around somewhere she finds a city where
they're selling these slave army club
the unsullied and to prove how tough
they are he cuts off his nipple
they have no dicks by the way and she's
playing like ball with these guys and
it's like whoa what's going on crazy
spider attack thing saved by obi-wan
Kenobi who is this guy of course you
don't remember him he's from season 1
he's her Barristan the bold he was on
the Kingsguard but they fired him
remember cuz he was too old so it took
him a season and a half but he made it
over to her and he pledged certain that
she has to go filter advisors speaking
of Davos Seaworth Stannis's man we
thought he was dead from the explosion
at the Blackwater last season but I
guess he's alive so it goes all cast
away they're like who's the one true
king he's like Stannis yes he is
he loves hats and this is like hey bro
he's still hanging out with this red
priestess he's like we've got a killer
cuz she's evil has shadow babies he
sends him to the dungeons to cool off
Theon Greyjoy is also in a dungeon we
don't know where but he's getting
tortured with the corkscrew foot thing
this guy comes one night he's like yo
I'm the rescue mission I'm gonna take
you with me this way psyche I brought
you right back to the thing I'm the guy
torturing you I'm a sadistic freak
now Jamie
being brought back to King's Landing the
trade for Sansa by Brienne he steals a
sword one day and they have a cool fight
but she beats him because you know he's
been in Chains the last year and half
North men are found them and they
concocted long story short they cut off
Jaime Lannister's hand wat okay speaking
of hands big bad daddy time and
Lannister is in King's Landing as the
head of the King replaced in Tyrion last
season Littlefinger was made Lord of
Harrenhal which is where crop Stark is
now so it's in name only but that makes
him a good match for Catelyn Stark's
sister Lisa and Tully from Season one
who breastfeeds now master of coin while
he's gone is gonna be Tyrion so Tyrion
grunts the ledgers turns out the realms
win dat Podrick Payne turns a little
Squire who saved him at the battle last
season he rewards him with this awesome
boob scene which is just you know lots
of gratuitous boobs but Podrick Payne
comes back is like they wouldn't accept
any payment why not he's just that good
at sex I guess watch out for this plot
line now Margaery Tyrell is the new girl
engaged to the king of douches Joffrey
she goes to talk to Sansa introduces her
to grandma Tyrell who's the brains of
the operation it's like what's Joffrey
really like you could trust us I'll give
you lemon cakes since it loves lemon
cakes you see like you had Joffrey's the
worst and they know that so she's like
Joffrey here's some sexy crossbow time
she knows how to manipulate him now
she's even had the problem of her hand
now Ari's wandering cuts out with her
friends they meet these Robin Hood
wannabe is called the Brotherhood
without banners take them captive they
also caught down Sandor Clegane so
they're gonna go but first she has to
say goodbye hot pie her tearful friend I
waste a lot of time on hot pie here now
they go back to the thing and their
leader is beric Dondarrion also from
season 1 Ned Stark sent him to bring the
hounds brother the mountain to justice
so he's like you're not your brother but
will do trial by combat to see if you do
it so there was a fire fight and Sandra
Clegane kills him
so their men are the worse they let him
go but the red priest is like they'll
come back to life boom he's back to life
so they can resurrect people from the
dead now Stannis is red priestess it's
like look I have a secret mission go on
can I rub my face on you oh you're so
sweet Stannis Stannis has a wife by the
way who's this real super freak who
keeps your unborn babies in the test
tube this girl comes that's his daughter
but she's got a scarred face so that's
weird but she's a sweetheart and she
teaches her friend Davos to read so that
happens now she makes it to her
destination the Brotherhood without
banners she's like look I need this guy
Gendry I'll give you good sorry bro
she's giving us good gold for you so
that's fun that's Arya is pissed that
they sell her friends so she runs it
captured by the Hound who was sulking
about but he's going to take her to the
family if you know for ransom so it's
not that bad
so they pinched this guy to take his car
it's like no no killing and he's like
I'm programmed to obey John Connor let's
not kill anyway
Jenny's like what do you want with me
and she's like don't you know you're the
bastard of packing Rob I
not know that so they get to have some
sex and he's like man he the faster the
king is awesome they're like la some
sexy time to put leeches on me wait what
are you doing yes she sucks the Kings
blood out of him with leeches and
they're gonna sacrifice it to the
fire-god to kill all the false kings
okay now
Daenerys kids like I'll buy in the army
I'll give you one dragon no you can't
give away a dragon but they do she also
takes his translator cheap to be under
sidekick
and she's like okay here's the dragon
here's my army now army kill them all
it's like wait that's not allowed
apparently it is allowed yes they kill
Ariane she's like your car is burned
alive [ __ ] that's what happens when you
mess with Khaleesi now she's got an army
and Dragons it's prequel now the wall is
being climbed by John Snell's it's
mostly uneventful and he makes it to top
where he and Ygritte get to share this
awesome top of the world makeout yes
they are banging now because they found
this hot spring one day and she shows
what's under the thing which is boobs
and they have some awesome hot tub sexy
times
speaking of bran and Jamie make it to
Harrenhal where Rob left the Roose
Bolton in command and they're taking a
sexy bath time together Jamie is called
the King Slayer because he killed the
Mad King Aerys Targaryen back in the day
but he was on the Kingsguard which is a
big no-no but he was gonna blow up the
city so maybe he's not such a bad guy
but he did push Brown though we know so
he is you know not back right anyway the
meeting with Roose Bolton is like I'm
not gonna give you to Robb Stark I'm
gonna give you to your dad because I'm
scared to pick my daddy Thailand it's
like that's cool but bran can't come
we're gonna keep her it's like oh that's
fine I don't even like her so he bails
but then he feels bad cuz she's gonna
get raped and killed so it comes back to
save her all she's fighting a bear and
he's like we'd go into the bear pit and
then he's like I immediately regret this
decision and after those anchorman
references he makes it I mean saves her
so they're friends now this guy's still
torturing Theon we still don't know who
he is though but he loves torture now
one day Theon wakes up and this is
happening and it seems too good to be
true it is too good to be true he's like
yes I just wanted to give you a boner
before I cut your dick off
what yep and he eats it in front of him
no he's just kidding it's a sausage we
hope I hope anyway
Sansa is no longer engaged to Joffrey
Littlefinger is like look I was in love
with your mom cat so I'm gonna bring you
back your family but I don't trust a
little finger now Varys the eunuch also
has a plot with them to marry Sansa off
to Loras Tyrell Renly's gay lover and
that's not a bad wife for him but Cersei
hates how Margery is controlling John
for now so she's like
Littlefinger find out what the Tyrells
are up to I know they have some sort of
a plot he's like fine I'll send this guy
to go have sex with Loras and he'll
spill the beans that he's secretly
engaged to Sansa and this guy's like
okay Sansa might be the key to the north
so we're gonna marry her off to you
first Tyrion yes and we're gonna marry
you Cersei to Loras Tyrell so she
doesn't like that the Tyrells don't like
that their plot was foiled
Tyrion does like it his house
like it sansa devil he doesn't like it
so they have a wedding that's pretty
awkward but then they have a course
option where is like I'm the god of tits
entwine nice dad's like okay go
consummate the marriage wait are we
gonna see sense and Tyrion have sex no
or not no or not now she makes it to the
next city and they're like look what if
we give you this gold will you not
conquer us and she's like no I'm a big
guy delicious now I'm gonna free all the
slaves so if they hire this army of
mercenaries to defend them and this one
Daario naharis makes sexy eye contact
with her the night she's having bath
time he shows up he's like you know I
killed my other captains she's like how
do you like these tits he's like I like
him a lot
I'll fight for you so she's got more
army and he shows her the backdoors who
takes Jorah Mormont and grey worm with
him that's this guy and they're
surrounded but they fight because
they're badasses and they like kill them
all and I guess the three of them
conquer the city single-handedly she has
more sexy eye contact in Jordan like
that cuz he loves her Jon Snow is with
the wildlings it's like kill this old
guy to prove you're one of us he's like
sure psychic ill you so he's still a
member the Nights Watch he runs that
makes her unhappy she tracked him down
he's like you won't hurt me regret I
know I love you I'm shot in the back
yeah told me this movie great she's sad
though
no Brandon his friends were actually
nearby they got to see most of it now
Hodor was HOH Dorian cuz he scared of
thunder so brand News's of War Powers -
warg into Hodor that's crazy cuz wargs
I'm supposed to be able to go in humans
so they're gonna go north of the wall to
find this three-eyed Raven we keep
seeing this chick is gonna bring his
younger brother somewhere else though he
gets his first line of the series by the
way yay Rickon now Sam is with chili and
a white Walker comes cuz I guess they're
attracted to the scent of babies and a
normal swept uns won't work against him
by the way though it's a messes
dragonglass dagger that he found at the
end of season 2 stabs him it's actually
incredibly effective oh that's good to
know
now Brandon his friends go to the castle
nearby and through the well tunnel comes
Sam he's like hey I have magic daggers
of + war you know white Walker slaying
for all of you so they get that they go
off on their way where's Rob stark been
well he had a pointless subplot where he
kills Lord whatever for insubordination
and then he's been hanging out with his
hot new wife from last season who he got
pregnant Congrats but remember he was
engaged to one of Lord Walder Frey's
ugly daughters cuz he had to cross his
bridge in season one she's like look I
need to apologize and get his army so
they apologize in there like look well
marry one of the daughters to your uncle
i'm natali lord of river and that'll be
fine
so okay are the daughters okay and you
check them out they're all ugly and it's
sad for him but the one they picked up
for him is actually a total babe so he's
happy everyone's happy they having a
good party the band starts playing the
Lannister theme song which seems a
little weird and Roose Bolton's like is
it a little weird and she's like I don't
know why are you wearing armor at a
wedding that seems a little weird he's
like is it a little weird what's gonna
happen
what is this Oh stabbed in the baby no
Rob's our Oh shot with crossbow no
Catelyn Stark oh yes they kill everyone
including Rob's wolf gray Wayne and
Bruce Bowen says the Lannisters send
their regards
stab Rob is dead Callen definitely also
dead this is called the red wedding
Walder Frey did it Rob's Lord Roose
Bolton did it and it was all organized
by a big bed daddy Tywin Lannister
now Joffrey at least is happy that he's
not the most unpopular character in the
show anymore irony in the Hound made it
but they were too late so they leave and
some of the Frey people were like
bragging so she goes all stabby stabby
on them because she has this coin that
master SAS and Jack in a gar gave her
last season and passwords Ballantrae
coulis now Stannis gets the letter it's
like yeah that was the leeches that did
that if we kill the kid totally then
it'll be better but Davos didn't like
that he sends him away now Jamie makes
it back to King's Landing we don't see
what happens here yet but he's lost his
hand speaking of limbless freaks this
guy is actually Roose Bolton's bastard
son Ramsay snow and he's like I'm gonna
name you reek and keep you as a pet and
he sends that Theon dick in a box to his
family and his sisters like I'm gonna go
safety on now at the Nights Watch Castle
Jon Snow makes it back it looks like
he's gonna live good for him and Sam
also makes it back he's sending a letter
to everyone to warn about I saw he's the
only one who reads it is Davos with his
no reading powers and Stannis is like
what does the red God say about killing
Asami's he likes it so they're gonna do
that Daenerys has the city she's like
slaves who want some freedom they all
want some freedom yay
freedom so she's a rockstar she's
conquering cities and that's how season
3 comes to an end
[Music]